Arrived so multiple linear regression data set.
Let's get straight into it.
This one's going to be fun.
Fifty startups is going to be a venture capitalist fund challenge.
All right.
So what do we have here.
We've got we've only got five columns.
But the real interesting thing about this data is that this is like an very realistic lifelike business
challenge.
So you've got 50 companies here 50 companies in total.
And what they have is they have some extracts from their profit and loss statements from their income
report.
So how much did the company in this given financial year that you're analyzing and for how much in that
year did it spend on research and development how much did it spend on an administration like paying
employees paying executives and so on.
And how was it spent on marketing to those of the tree.
Three major operational spans I guess.
And which state it works in.
And finally what is the profit What was the profit of that company for that financial year.
And the challenge here is this is a data set is totally anonymize so we don't know the companies.
And also there's only 50 companies so there is a venture capitalist fund that has hired you as a data
scientist to analyze these 50 companies over analyze this data set and create a model that will tell
the venture capitalist fund which types of companies it should.
It is most interested in investing and their main criteria is the profit.
So profit is their dependent variable.
The most important variable for them and these are all independent variables.
So you have to create a model which will tell you about profit based on R&D spend in the station market
spend and state and bear in mind that the venture capital fund is not looking to invest in these 50
companies per se.
It's not just giving you a data set and then like obviously then they would invest in this one because
it's got the highest profit profit.
But what they're looking for is this is a sample and they want to understand for instance where companies
perform better in New York or California all other things held equal or which companies perform better
if you hold these columns equal.
All right.
Will a company that spends more on marketing perform better or a company spends less on marketing.
Also they want to understand the main thing probably I want to understand is how do when they assist
companies.
Do they look for companies to spend more on R&D spend or on research and development or companies to
spend more on marketing.
So which of these two spends yields better results of profit brings more results of profit and based
on your model that you'll create they will have a They'll set up a set of guidelines for their own venture
capitalist fund and they'll be like OK so we are more interested in companies this is just an example
that work in New York or operate in New York and that have a very low administration spend and a very
high R&D spend which is the R&D spend has to be much higher than Administration marking spend something
like that.
So basically you helping them create a model based off of this sample that will allow them to assess
where and in which into which companies they want to invest to achieve their goal of maximizing profit
.
So there you go it's it's already not an obvious data said it's got many variables got many records
you can't just tell off the top of your head you can.
You probably can see that they're ordered by profit here right.
But there is kind of a mix all over the place.
So let's get into this is going to be a fun and exciting section.